---
layout: post
title: Bartle
author: 8-Bally
categories: [Fiction, Short Story]
tags:
---

After going through a mystic portal, the medieval people of Virgi, Coraline, Washington are transported to the world of Talber, where people can take a small vacation from life.
<!--more-->
Being a veteran of this place, Washington shows them around the heart of Talber, the oreka. Through the start, the trio starts to show themselves. Virgi has been going here for a bit now, he is quiet with a lot going in his head but does not want to share it because of Washington, the loud and crazy yet dull one always talks in front of him. Washington brings along his lover, Coraline, who is completely new to this place. To Washington, she is pretending to be beautiful and smart. Next, Washington shows them over to Telemote, of what is the social media of Talber. Wash shows him around the place where people come to socialize, exchange info, party, etc. The main part of this place though is the stage. Where people like, dislike, and/or subscribe to the people doing the performances. Washington decides to perform one of the stages. While Wash is practicing for his performance, Coraline and Virgi talk about Coraline only faking being in love with Wash to make him feel good and wished that she can take away her mask and be herself. The Couple feels in love. Then Coraline asks to be pardoned to go to the bathroom. When she walks into the ladies' room she has sucked in by the portal in the door. Once when she is sucked in the door closes and disappears. Meanwhile, Wash does his performance and it was enjoyed right off the bat and he became famous. He joined the ranks of other famous actors on Telemote. Also, he gained a mask to wear which is an allegory of his performing personality and lots of gold. Suddenly, the ground begins to shake, and on the map of Talber, a rift appears in the sky. Everyone is speechless and soon after the actors are already making fun of the arrows to get more attention to their performances. Virgi feels unsure and nervous about what is going to happen to this place and society that he loves. He notices that Coraline has not come back from the bathroom. Wash, acting differently from the start, says to not worry about because she usually hates it in Talber. When he leaves to do more performances, Virgi notices a playing card with the Ace of Hearts on it and picks it up, plus he decides to go exploring in the cave to find gold and make some extra cash. Just as Virgi has left to explore, George, a king of a kingdom and some historians notice the rift and the sharp-tongued behaviors players in Telemote without taking a good look at them or considering another side of them and return to their kingdom. But, the rude people say sorry and donate to charity as the only people who do that. In the cave, Virgi starts mining for gold and diamonds to sell for money. The cave contains a lot of people looking for clues, rumors, and psychic stones, stones that can tell the future in Talber, but it does not always tell the future. One person, however, is not looking for either profit-making stones or psychic stone, but an ancient painting. After finding it he celebrates, Virgi comes over to take a look and asks him about the painting. The miner is worn with cloth-like wings worn like a blanket. He tells Virgi about the story of how Talber is created. Long ago when humanity began to take shape, Life, the goddess of life decides to create knights and heroes to help craft her world. Once the world is ready for being visited, it was said by visitors to be a place for them to escape from the hardships of everyday tasks. More people came to Talber and the word spread quickly of how fun the place is. However, as popularity grew, so did the hate. kings, queens, and priests believed that there is a dragon of addiction hiding underground below Talber and Life is not doing anything to help with it. And if that wasn't bad enough, the visitors became demanding wanting more or different things than Life is giving to them. Within there anger, Death, the god of death, is born. Life and Death fought for years until Death weakened and died. And everyone remains happy with what Life would do. Advo can't stop this feeling that the dragon is coming out in not so much time at all. Advo heard that the hard part of taking out the dragon is not him but his atmosphere. His atmosphere can easily make people torpid and unhealthy and eventually die. The only way to protect from the atmosphere is to find the four cards of the Bartle, symbolizing what people get the most out of Talber. The ace of hearts being socializers the people who ride the hype train and are there to socialize and have fun. The ace of diamonds representing achievers people who are in this place to achieve and get recognized, and gain rewards from doing quests and tasks. The ace of clubs representing killers, the player type who is all about the competition and domination of Talber and love to see their opponents rage quit. Finally, the ace of spades representing explorers, the people who have a desire to explore and find hidden passages and lore to find the secrets of this place. Advo then tells Virgi that people who explore this place are often explorers of the Bartle. After all of this time, Advo showed Virgi a card of spades, Virgi realized that he also has a card in his pocket all of this time. He pulls out the ace of hearts and Advo is trilled. They might be able to stop Talber from the dragon. A miner finds a psychic stone saying that the dragon is coming in not so much time and rushes back to Telemote to spread the news. Realizing the news, Advo and Virgi go out to find the other cards. Back at Talemote, that miner is spreading the news by performing, at once everyone is freaking out. Other actors are freaking out even more because of their grades, their audience amount, are dropping from an A to a C, Wash included. And when that happens, their paycheck lowers as well. Not Washington is now feeling and looking different when we last saw him his mask changing as well. Soon after the dragon news, actors are making jokes and memes about the end is coming and we are all going to die without doing anything to stop it other than making people aware and making them worried. With those actors, grades are raising again because of the attention that they are gaining. Wash's grades raising, he wonders why he wants to do this horrible stuff to people, he can't even take off his mask. He talks to his actor friends to ask them why they make a job here in Telemote. And they are all here for completely different reasons. Those reasons include to make money, to make fun of people, to make people happy, or because the career turned out to be unexpected. All of which are happy with the job that they have now, but depressed and anxious to keep that crowd with them but doing performances, sometimes performances about the worst things. Once more they can't be there true personalities and leave their personalities to the mask that they are wearing the character that they are being. However, King George came back to Telemote saying that the reason people are being so poorly behaved towards the church and not obeying the king is because of all of the people in Talber (Only 2 people are doing 90% of the noise towards the debates going on against the king). He claims to have closed all of the portals to Talber so that the people who would come, can't leave. And people can come as well and can't go back either. Everyone checked and the king wasn't kidding. Like before everyone made a meme out of it and realized that they can't communicate what they are seeing. Already the society of Talber criticized what they have done and how to do better. People were even saying to the king that only 2% percent of the Talber population is toxic and make 90% of the noise but he did not take time to care.  After a long amount of traveling without talking to each other, Virgi and Advo soon reached the place where they can find the last two cards for achieving and killing. It is called the battlefield, it is where people go on quests to kill people to get loot boxes. Everyone is getting killed, and soon respawning, left and right.  Virgi seems terrified, Advo is more suited to the place for a fact that he has been the battlefield hundreds of times! Advo says to Virgi that he must follow the winged man's lead. Virgi nervously picks up a sword as he asks Advo to pick up one as well. But he rejects, Virgi, who is worried about everyone, keeps on urging Advo to defend himself. Advo says to Virgi not to worry about others first but himself first. As a guild of knights gathers around Advo, he takes stuff out of nowhere, places the tip of it on the ground and blasts the hungry knights out of the battlefield. Virgi is left gaping saying that he wants of those magical weapons. Advo says no, for only he and people of his tribe. Virgi is left wondering who are the other people of Advo's tribe are. However, out of nowhere Virgi is captured by rouges, Advo shoots them with laser shots, but which are blocked by their shields. Then Advo is attacked by some more rouges forcing him to attack them. Virgi tries to attack but he is tied up in a rope and dropped his sword when he was captured. In this state, Virgi listens to them talking about the dragon and how the dragon has affected them. Examples include coming back for more, can't escape from the dragon's atmosphere even it is just outside its cave, using the dragon as an excuse as to why he is here and he can't help himself. Having enough of the talk, Virgi grabs one of the rouges swords, cuts the rope that is holding him, stabs all three rouges and grabs their loot. Virgi finds Advo who has just finished killing the last of the rouges. Unfortunately, more enemies appeared in front of them in the form of skeletons. The two men fought well taking out the skeletons that they are facing first before helping each other when they had the time to help.  After all of them were knocked out in the dead mess of bones, Virgi and Advo noticed loot, lots of loot, enough to fill a house. Just after Virgi asks how they are going to carry it all, the loot magically lifts into Advo's cape as it seems to be disappearing into it, as if the cape has infinite storage. The two began to laugh and tell jokes as if they were best friends. Trading post time! The place where you can trade the loot that battlers found on the battlefield for prizes. With the loot, they had enough to buy the best sword and armor in the trading post for Virgi, and the last two cards of Bartle. Virgi is excited for which he has found all four cards of the Bartle. Advo is unfortunately in utter stupidity because he forgot to mention the cards only have enough power now to protect one person from the dragon's atmosphere. He says that Virgi can have the four cards and disappears without a trace. Virgi decides to go back to Telemote, in the sensitivity of what to do with these cards. When he gets there, the mood is all jumbled, excited, sad, scared, happy, anxious, and angry. Virgi meets up with Washington asking why everyone is outside Telemote, Wash responds saying that according to the psychic stone that the miner brought back, the dragon's jail is being broken in just a couple of minutes. Everyone has realized that the king has left to do his fun stuff, of being laid back, with the laws that he has put on Talber. Also, many actors have used the same political technique that the king has used by saying stuff of nonsense to get the attention they need to get fans. Arrows emerged from the rifts as they blast off like rockets, everyone contains more of the same feelings that they have earlier. The arrows soon head towards a single rift and reappear at another rift near a tree where an actor has climbed to look at what is happening. The arrows dance around the tree and disappear with the tree and the actor. Everyone just got thrilled of what just happened, but also sad and astonished when they realized that the actor did not respond like he was supposed to. Finally, the biggest rift of them all appeared near the dragon's prison, with the arrows and the tree heading towards it, with no actor with the mix. They hit the prison, unlocking it, and forming the black hole in which Talber and the whole world is sucked into. Within a long period, Virgi wakes up and realizes that the Bartle cards are glowing. He walks around realizing that everyone has been unraveled in a rope-like blanket, that looks comfortable to sleep in, but hard to get out of. In the group include Coraline seems to have been the blanket longer, yet she is more aware of what she has gotten herself into than the others. Virgi then sees people with capes, working on Talber, including Advo who analyzes the wrapped people. Though he notices Virgi, he does not say hi. Bell rings and the caped people meet at a spot and Life appeared out of nowhere. Life congratulates the caped for all of their hard work for what they have done to get people to stay here for good, food appears in the captured people and moves towards the caped, without harming the captured. While the caped dig into their reward, Advo and some of the cape urge Life to let them go, knowing that they have been working for only food, and it came at a negative cost for the impact of the whole world. Life won't just listen, because he just wants the food and does not care about the impact of people or the needs of himself. Just as Life has finished being rude, Darkness appears from the captured heads as it all merges out to create Death. Advo has feared this. Death dashes toward Life, Life turns into the dragon of addiction. The opposite of Life and Death fight, a battle of ownership over Talber, and as the soul of what is being fought over, it is ripping apart. If Either Life or Death has for one moment and the brick representing Talber. Knowing what he must do. Virgi tries to fight both gods to save Talber but it is not enough, they are too powerful. Coraline sees the chaos and does what the other captured do not and commit herself to get out of the rope, after a bit of time it works. She grabs a sword from a caped woman and goes on towards Death. Meanwhile, Advo is unsure of what to do with the demands and food Life has given him to let him live, and what he has done to all of these people to get it. Advo chooses to go towards the dragon to fight it. The fight rages on with Life, the God who has created Talber and his greedy plans to exploit the people of Talber, and Death, the God who is demanding different things then what is happening with Life, that will help himself. Finally, the block of Talber, that dies when either life or death gets full control of it. Coraline and Advo go in for their surprise slashes on Death and Life, both of which are down. Both of them are unsure of is who to blame for all of this. Seeing the block on the ground the best as it can be with no Life or Death trying to grab it, Virgi makes the finishing blow on both at the same time. The block glows brighter than ever releasing the captured, and sending them, Virgi, and Coraline back to Talber. When everyone gets back Talber is different, without the things that draw people in, but it shines brighter than ever and it feels better. Everyone starts to leave not wanting to be here anymore. Just as Virgi, Coraline, and the non-masked Washington were about to leave Virgi notices other people looking at a note within a wall in Telemote. The note reflects among what a dramatic event had just happened and what we can do to prevent it from happening again. It says that things have changed a lot, and if we change one small thing in the cycle, we changed the whole cycle. It might better to let things be than changing them because it might turn out better or worse. In disasters such as these people are not doing anything for others or the only world that they need, they just are trying to take care of themselves by exploiting, misusing, and blaming as an excuse because they are just laid back. Addiction is something that people assume is all bad, but it has good in it by teaching lessons and bringing people together. Finally, the note says that they should not just talk about these things, they should do something. The note is signed from Life, but Virgi knows for a fact that Advo wrote this.
The trio heads through the portal to go home.