---
title: I. The Witch and Her Brother
date: 2020-07-25 00:01:00 -04:00
categories:
- books
- dear-diary
author: Bravisha Skietano
image:
  teaser-image: "/uploads/girl-4716922_1920.jpg"
  feature-image: "/uploads/writing-1209121_1920.jpg"
  credit: Free-Photos from Pixabay
  creditlink: pixabay.com/photos/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=1209121
book: Dear Diary, Do You Wanna Know A Secret?
layout: article
---

Dear Diary, do you want to know a secret? Of course, you do, that’s what diaries are for. You tell them all your secrets and hide it so no one will find it. Yeah, well, someone always does.

So, back to my question, do you want to know my biggest secret ever? Well, I can't tell anyone. I’ve almost told my best friends several times, but I couldn’t. My biggest secret is so bad that it could destroy everything --- my life, my family, and my friends. That’s why I can’t tell anyone. Unfortunately for me, Jennifer had other plans. Who’s Jennifer? Oh, let me tell you about her, let me tell you everything about the little witch named Jennifer …

Jennifer Stone was the new girl who decided to become the queen of the school and make my life miserable on the same day. I don’t know why I became her target but I quickly realized what a special honor I’d been given. Jennifer was super nice to everyone, that really popular girl who everybody, including the teachers, liked. Oh, maybe that's why she immediately hated me. I guess there can only be one most-favored girl in school. Honestly, though, I was here first. She keeps doing little things to agitate me, like "accidentally" spilling stuff on my books, messing with my locker, "borrowing" my notes, making up weird things about me, you get the point. So, you see why she's a witch? Seriously, if someone talks, walks, and dresses like a witch, wouldn't you call them a witch? I'm serious, she actually acts like a witch! Even her fingernails scream witch. I once called her a witch to her face and she just curtsied, smiled, and thanked me for the compliment. I swear she's copying my playbook because that's one of my favorite tactics. Not that I'm mean to anyone, I only do that to people who are trying to insult me for random reasons.

Another thing I don't like about Jennifer is that she's blonde. I don't mean to offend anyone but I have a thing against blondes, most of them anyway. They're usually represented as bossy or I'm-so-hot-I-could-be-the-sun kind of way. Occasionally, I'll meet someone or read about someone who's blonde and actually a nice I'm-normal-just-like-you person instead of an I'm-a-movie-star-and-you're-worthless brat. Yeah, Hollywood has messed up blondes for me. Who wants a clingy, naive person as a friend? And Jennifer is exactly one type of blonde I'm talking about, just mean for no reason because she's better than you and must rub it in. But enough about Jennifer, let's talk about her half-brother Caden.

Caden Stone is... just Caden. I mean, he's hot, but doesn't flaunt out his feathers; cute, but not like babyish; shy, but not in an I'm-not-social way. To be honest, I don't know how to describe him. He reminds me of Edward Cullen but more... dangerous, how do you fully describe that? He is almost the exact opposite of Jennifer (which I find funny because they're "half" siblings, get it?). His hair isn't even a gold blonde, it's so pale it's almost white. When Caden came to town, you wouldn't have noticed if the local gossip group didn't do a how-hot-is-the-new-guy poll. He just blends into the background and avoids everyone (or everyone just avoids him). The first day he came though, I immediately knew he liked me. When a guy decides to stare right at you for prolonged periods of time like you're the only thing in the room, you just know something's up. So why didn't I walk up and introduce myself the moment I caught him staring? Because his stare makes me feel... funny. It's that stare that guys give you that immediately makes you feel self-conscious of how low your neckline is and how tight your clothes are. Now, for some girls, that's fine and they love being noticed like that; but for me, that's a big red flag. I've never gotten physical with a guy in any way and it needs to stay that way. Call me old-fashioned or weird but I'd like to keep my virginity for my future husband thank you very much. There's something special about knowing that your wedding night will be the first time ever and that the man won't abandon you somewhere with an unborn baby. So, of course, Caden's whole you-look-delicious stare sends shivers down my spine and a beware-of-your-surroundings message to my brain. It's not that I don't find him super attractive because he is, it's that I'm afraid of what I'd do if he made a pass at me. I'm not immune to sexy men, I just tend to avoid them because of my personal code which brings me back to Jennifer. She has a special way of knowing exactly what makes you uncomfortable and using that to her benefit. Isn't she so special? Imagine what she decided to do to me. Sweet, sweet Jenny decided she just had to "educate" me about the wonderful aspects of love, mainly the physical ones. School is just the perfect place for kids who want to stay pure! Gee, wonder why most lose their virginity by high school, makes absolutely no sense at all. School is awesome and such a safe environment. Avoiding Jennifer would be so easy since she's so popular and everyone wants her attention, right? Yeah, I thought so too, but she could pick me out from a crowd of people if we were all wearing exactly the same outfit. Maybe it's my blood-red hair, it's kinda a beacon. I think I'm starting to accept the fact that Jennifer and I are going to be bosom buddies for a long time. Of course, I was starting to accept that before she decided to figuratively push me down a hill in a car without brakes. What do I mean? Oh, I'll tell you tomorrow since it's a long and somewhat amusing story and I'm tired.

Goodnight Diary.